Update ict baseline pages (#579)
GSA/Section508.gov: _pages/test/2018-05-22-test-web-software.md

Web designers, developers, and content managers play a key role in ensuring websites and digital tools are accessible, and conform to the [Revised 508 Standards][1] and the [W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)][2] 2.0 Level AA.

## ICT Testing Baseline

The [ICT Testing Baseline][20] establishes the minimum standards for web accessibility in the federal government. It supports the use of automated and manual testing tools to ensure a comprehensive and accurate assessment of web accessibility. Results from a baseline-aligned test process provide the basis for determining if web content meets the applicable technical requirements for web accessibility. A test process that aligns with the ICT Testing Baseline can reliably determine if web content meets these requirements. The ICT Testing Baseline also supports harmonization and interoperability of test results and tools, and sharing of best practices and resources among testers and developers. 

> The ICT Testing Baseline describes how to evaluate conformance to [the Revised 508 Standards][21], which align with WCAG 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria. It is organized by categories to help you easily identify applicable requirements. Note that the Baseline is not a test process and does not include testing tools; rather, it should be used to ***create*** an accessibility test process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ICT Testing Baseline describes what to evaluate for conformance to [the Revised 508 Standards][21], which align with WCAG 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria. It is organized by categories to help you easily identify applicable requirements. Note that the Baseline is not a test process and does not include testing tools; rather, it should be used to ***create*** an accessibility test process or validate an existing test process for completeness.
```
